{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 The Dark Side of Dairy\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 The exploitation of cows and the negative environmental impacts of dairy production could be more serious than anyone could think.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0  The dairy industry is big business. In the United States alone, the industry is worth $50 billion per year. And it\'92s not just the cow\'92s milk that we consume that brings in the big bucks. Dairy products are used in a variety of foods, from cheese to yogurt to ice cream.\
\
But there is a dark side to this industry. The dairy industry is responsible for a number of environmental problems, from water pollution to greenhouse gas emissions. And the treatment of cows in the dairy industry is often barbaric.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 The Environmental Impact of Dairy\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
The dairy industry has a major impact on the environment. For one, it is a major contributor to water pollution. Dairy farms produce a lot of manure, which can pollute waterways. In fact, manure from dairy cows is one of the leading causes of water pollution in the United States.\
\
Dairy farms also contribute to greenhouse gas emissions. Cows release methane, a potent greenhouse gas, into the atmosphere. And the production of milk requires a lot of energy, which also results in the release of greenhouse gases. In fact, the dairy industry is responsible for 2% of the world\'92s greenhouse gas emissions.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 The Dairy Industry\'92s Treatment of Cows\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
The treatment of cows in the dairy industry is often barbaric. Cows are kept in cramped and dirty conditions and are routinely given hormones and antibiotics. They are also subjected to a number of painful procedures, such as artificial insemination and milking.\
\
Cows in the dairy industry are also typically killed when they are no longer productive. In the United States, most cows in the dairy industry are sent to slaughterhouses when they are between two and four years old.\
\
The dark side of the dairy industry is often hidden from consumers. But it\'92s important to be aware of the impact that the industry has on the environment and the treatment of animals.}