{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Why I No Longer Buy Bottled Water\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 A Gen Z\'92s personal experience leading to a teenhood dedicated to advocacy.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 A few years ago, I made the switch to only drinking water from my reusable water bottle and I haven\'92t looked back since. I used to be a big fan of bottled water \'96 it\'92s convenient and easy to find, but I\'92ve since realized that it\'92s not really worth the money or the environmental impact. Here are a few reasons why I no longer buy bottled water: \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 1. It\'92s a Waste of Money\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
Bottled water is expensive \'96 anywhere from $1 to $4 per bottle. And for what? Water is one of the most abundant resources on Earth. Why am I paying so much for something that I can get for free?\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 2. It\'92s Bad for the Environment\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
The water in those plastic bottles doesn\'92t just magically appear \'96 it has to be extracted from the environment, often from far-away places. The manufacturing, transportation, and disposal of all those bottles takes a toll on the environment. In fact, it\'92s estimated that the production of bottled water creates more than 2.5 million tons of carbon dioxide each year.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 3. The Quality isn\'92t Always Better\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
Many people think that bottled water is cleaner and better for you than tap water, but that\'92s not always the case. In the United States, tap water is regulated by the Environmental Protection Agency, while bottled water is regulated by the Food and Drug Administration. The FDA has less stringent standards, so bottled water isn\'92t necessarily held to a higher quality standard than tap water.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 4. You Don\'92t Know What\'92s in It\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
Have you ever read the label on a bottle of water? The FDA doesn\'92t require companies to disclose all of the ingredients in their water, so you really don\'92t know what you\'92re drinking. Some bottled water even contains fluoride, which many people are trying to avoid.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 5. It\'92s Just Not That Convenient\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
Sure, it\'92s easy to buy a bottle of water when you\'92re out and about, but it\'92s not that hard to carry a reusable water bottle with you, either. And once you get in the habit of doing that, you\'92ll never have to worry about being thirsty without a bottle of water handy.\
\
Overall, I think there are plenty of good reasons to avoid bottled water. It\'92s expensive, bad for the environment, and the quality isn\'92t always better than tap water. I\'92ll stick with my reusable water bottle from now on.}