{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13440\viewh7800\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 The Science of Coffee: How different brewing methods change your cup\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 Different brewing methods change the coffee's taste due to the different extraction rates of the grounds.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 \
Coffee brewing is a science, and there\'92s a lot that goes into making a perfect cup. Different brewing methods can extract different flavors from the coffee beans, and the grind, water temperature, and brewing time all play a role in the final cup.\
\
Here\'92s a quick guide to some of the most popular brewing methods and how they change your cup of coffee. \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Drip coffee\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
Drip coffee is the most common brewing method in the United States. Hot water is dripped over coffee grounds that are contained in a filter, and the coffee drips into a carafe or mug below. \
\
Drip coffee is typically made with a coarser grind, and the brew time is longer than other methods, typically around 4-5 minutes. This results in a cup of coffee that is less strong and has more subtle flavors. \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Espresso\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
Espresso is a concentrated coffee that is made by forcing hot water through finely ground coffee beans. It is typically made with a finer grind than drip coffee, and the brew time is much shorter, around 30 seconds.\
\
The result is a strong cup of coffee with bold flavors. Espresso is the base for many other coffee drinks, such as cappuccinos, lattes, and mochas. \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Pour-over\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
Pour-over coffee is similar to drip coffee, but the water is poured over the coffee grounds in a circular motion instead of being dripped. This results in a cup of coffee with more complex flavors.\
\
Pour-over coffee is typically made with a medium grind and a brew time of around 2-3 minutes. \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 French press\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
French press coffee is made by adding coffee grounds and hot water to a pot, stirring, and then pressing a plunger down to filter the coffee. The result is a cup of coffee with bold flavors and a slightly oily texture.\
\
French press coffee is typically made with a coarse grind and a brew time of around 4 minutes.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Cold brew\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
Cold brew coffee is made by steeping coffee grounds in cold water for 12-24 hours. The result is a concentrate that is diluted with water or milk. Cold brew coffee is less acidic than other brewing methods and has a smoother texture.\
\
Cold brew coffee is typically made with a coarse grind and a brew time of 12-24 hours.\
\
Coffee brewing is a science, and there are many factors that can affect the final cup. Different brewing methods can extract different flavors from the coffee beans, so experiment to find the method that you like best.}