{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 These Politicians and Their Liquids Fetish\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 The fetishization of liquids by some politicians who use liquids to sexualize themselves and their power.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 \
As you may have noticed, politicians have a strange fetish for liquids. They always seem to be pouring something on someone\'92s head, drinking something out of someone\'92s shoe, and bathing with the stuff. It\'92s really quite a sight. Here are some of the most famous politicians and their liquids fetish.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 1. Frank Berkowitz\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
Frank Berkowitz is probably the most famous politician with a liquids fetish. He was always pouring something on someone\'92s head, drinking something out of someone\'92s shoe, and bathing with the stuff. It was really quite a sight.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 2. Jonas Henderson\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
Jonas Henderson is a self-proclaimed "Coke addict." He's been known to drink up to 12 cans of Coke a day, and often has one with him while he's working in his office.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 3. Sonya Rebecchi\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
Sonya Rebecchi was known for her love of iced tea. She would often have multiple glasses of iced tea throughout the day, and even kept a stash of tea bags in his office. Rebecchi even wrote about her iced tea habit in her memoir, Dreams from My Mother.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 4. Diamond Joe Quimby\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Diamond Joe Quimby is known for her love of green juice, and often drinks it for breakfast. She also has been known to add a shot of espresso to her green juice to give it an extra boost of energy.}